Merge/foundation release/1.12.2 (#560)
etclabscore/multi-geth: cmd/clef/README.md

   --loglevel value        log level to emit to the screen (default: 4)
   --keystore value        Directory for the keystore (default: "$HOME/.ethereum/keystore")
   --configdir value       Directory for Clef configuration (default: "$HOME/.clef")

>    --chainid value         Chain id to use for signing (1=mainnet, 5=Goerli) (default: 1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   --chainid value         Chain id to use for signing (1=foundation, 5=Goerli, 61=classic, 63=Mordor) (default: 1)
```
